Add support for Oracle GraalVM via GDS. (#109)
graalvm/setup-graalvm: README.md

      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: graalvm/setup-graalvm@v1
        with:
          java-version: '24-ea' # or 'latest-ea' for the latest Java version available
          distribution: 'graalvm'
          github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

<details>
<summary><h4>Template for Oracle GraalVM via GraalVM Download Service</h4></summary>

#### Prerequisites

1. Obtain a token for the GraalVM Download Service. For this, replace `your@email.com` with your email address and run the following `curl` command:

```bash
curl -sS -X POST "https://gds.oracle.com/api/20220101/licenseAcceptance" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d "{ \"email\": \"your@email.com\", \"licenseId\": \"D53FA58D12817B3CE0530F15000A74CA\", \"type\": \"GENERATE_TOKEN_AND_ACCEPT_LICENSE\"}"
```

The response should look like this:

```json
{"token":"<your-token>","status":"UNVERIFIED"}

> ```

Reviewer: Here for step 1, and step 4 below, you can indent this text by 4 spaces and then it will be rendered indented below the bullet point. That might make it a bit easier to read.

Same for the "Template for GraalVM Enterprise Edition" section below.

Author: Good suggestion, thanks!

| `native-image-job-reports` *) | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, post a job summary containing a Native Image build report. |
| `native-image-pr-reports`  *) | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, post a comment containing a Native Image build report on pull requests. Requires `write` permissions for the [`pull-requests` scope][gha-permissions]. |
| `native-image-pr-reports-update-existing` *) | `'false'` | Instead of posting another comment, update an existing PR comment with the latest Native Image build report. Requires `native-image-pr-reports` to be `true`. |
| `components`    | `''`     | Comma-separated list of GraalVM components (e.g., `native-image` or `ruby,nodejs`) that will be installed by the [GraalVM Updater][gu]. |
| `version` | `''` | `X.Y.Z` (e.g., `22.3.0`) for a specific [GraalVM release][releases] up to `22.3.2`<br>`mandrel-X.Y.Z.W` or `X.Y.Z.W-Final` (e.g., `mandrel-21.3.0.0-Final` or `21.3.0.0-Final`) for a specific [Mandrel release][mandrel-releases],<br>`mandrel-latest` or `latest` for the latest Mandrel stable release. |

> | `gds-token`     | `''`     | Download token for the GraalVM Download Service. at <> Store this token as a [GitHub Action secret][gha-secrets]. For thie followingtemplate, we use the name `GDS_TOKEN`.. If a non-empty token is provided, the action will set up GraalVM Enterprise Edition (see [GraalVM EE template](#template-for-graalvm-enterprise-edition)). |

Reviewer: It seems there are some typos:
```suggestion
| `gds-token`     | `''`     | Download token for the GraalVM Download Service at <>. Store this token as a [GitHub Action secret][gha-secrets]. For this following template, we use the name `GDS_TOKEN`. If a non-empty token is provided, the action will set up GraalVM Enterprise Edition (see [GraalVM EE template](#template-for-graalvm-enterprise-edition)). |
```

Also, it seems there is a link missing at `<>`?

Author: Thanks, will fix!

> **) Make sure that Native Image is used only once per build job. Otherwise, the report is only generated for the last Native Image build.*

Reviewer: It looks like GitHub is rendering this `**) Make sure ...` as part of the table because there is a blank line missing in front of it. Is that intended?

Author: No, not intended. Will fix, thanks!
